README.md, before:

# Movies-Browser
This is a group project made by our group called "Panama". We are assigned to replicate a figma project and implement all of the website's functions ourselves. This will be a web application that allows you to see and search different movies and also people related to them (cast, crew) and see some details about them.
*Disclaimer: For now app displays only first page of both movies and people, also now you can search for certain movies or people typing in the Search input box. In recent update, you can now use pagination on the bottom of the page, to see results for different pages.
Now you can also view some details about a movie when clicking on its corresponding tile. As soon as we add new functions to our app, we will deploy them. Project is still under development.*

## Usage:
Project is still under development.

## Demo:
https://waltad.github.io/movies-browser-panama/

## Tools used:
- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- create-react-app
- styled components
- react-router-dom
- Redux (@reduxjs/toolkit, react-redux, redux-saga)
- axios
- custom hooks

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

readme updated with movie cast and crew

README.md, after:

# Movies-Browser
This is a group project made by our group called "Panama". We are assigned to replicate a figma project and implement all of the website's functions ourselves. This will be a web application that allows you to see and search different movies and also people related to them (cast, crew) and see some details about them.
*Disclaimer: For now app displays only first page of both movies and people, also now you can search for certain movies or people typing in the Search input box. In recent update, you can now use pagination on the bottom of the page, to see results for different pages.
Now you can also view some details about a movie when clicking on its corresponding tile and also you can see the cast and crew of the movie. As soon as we add new functions to our app, we will deploy them. Project is still under development.*

## Usage:
Project is still under development.

## Demo:
https://waltad.github.io/movies-browser-panama/

## Tools used:
- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- create-react-app
- styled components
- react-router-dom
- Redux (@reduxjs/toolkit, react-redux, redux-saga)
- axios
- custom hooks

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.
